Add basic readme.md for server side (#22)
scorelab/fact-Bounty: fact-bounty-server/README.md

# Fact-Bounty-server 
[![NPM version](https://travis-ci.org/Anmol%20Bansal/fact-bounty-server.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Anmol%20Bansal/fact-bounty-server)

> 

## Setup

### Pre-requisites
* NodeJS
* MongoDB 

> Copy .env.example to .env and make necessary changes to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and specify environment variables.
```

> Copy config/keys.example.js to config/keys.js and enter database address to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy `config/keys.example.js` to `config/keys.js` and enter database address to it.
```
